By default, Bid says this 20 when we are working with spring guitarist.
Now let's say we want to change this default bid size.
So that also we can do.
OK, so let's go for it.
Jump with ideas and put in the default bid.
Says, OK, we just need to set one property in our application, not properties, right?
So here the property we need to set is spring distressed.
This one, okay?
Bid sites said, for example, we want to help bid size equal to 10 instead of 20 000, which is default
one.
That's it, said this property and I don't know what Springwood application.
Jump to Portman, all these EPA.
Come down.
See now bid size equal to 10 total elements, 24.
But now total page is equal to three.
OK, because we hope it's as equal to 10.
So on the first page, we will get 10 records on the second page as well.
We will get 10 records.
And on the third page will get four records.
So let's get the party page.
So using the very parameter page equal to two, right?
Because we want to have that thought a page.
So zero based index.
Remember this one?
See one, two, three and four four records we are getting.
OK.
And this is applicable for all get resources.
So, for example, we are getting older subjects, OK using this API.
So now here also bids as equal to 10 is applicable.
See, this is what we have said in our application, not properties, OK?
So every place for your all resolutions is now the default bid size is 10.
Here we are total 28 records, so total is equal to three on the total bid will get eight records,
right?
So Page three surpassed the two.
And here we will get eight records.
This is page number two.
That means per page.
So this is how you can change the default bitesize while working with spring guitarist.
That's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.